(docs) Updates to READMEs (#191)
openmrs/openmrs-esm-patient-management: README.md

- [Active visits app](packages/esm-active-visits-app/)
- [Outpatient app](packages/esm-outpatient-app/README.md)
- [Patient search](packages/esm-patient-search-app)
- [Patient registration](packages/esm-patient-registration-app)
- [Patient list](packages/esm-patient-list-app)

## Setup

Check out the developer documentation [here](http://o3-dev.docs.openmrs.org).

This monorepo uses [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) and [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna).

To start a dev server running all the modules simultaneously, run:

```bash
yarn start
```

This command uses the [openmrs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openmrs) tooling to fire up a dev server running `esm-patient-chart` as well as the specified module.

Note that this is very resource-intensive.

To start a dev server for a specific module, run:

```bash
yarn start --sources 'packages/esm-<insert-package-name>-app'
```

You could provide `yarn start` with as many `sources` arguments as you require. For example, to run the patient registration and patient search modules only, use:

```bash

> yarn start --sources 'packages/esm-patient-search-app' --sources 'packages/esm-patient-registration-app'

Reviewer: Something's gone wrong here... doesn't `yarn start` fire up all the packages?

Author: It does.

Reviewer: Right so 

> dev server running `esm-patient-chart` as well as the specified module.

doesn't apply; and with

> `yarn start --sources 'packages/esm-<insert-package-name>-app'

there's no reason you would use `--sources`.

Author: The first point is correct.

You would use `--sources` to run a specific module (or even multiple modules) locally.

:wave: *New to our project? Be sure to review the [OpenMRS 3 Frontend Developer Documentation](https://openmrs.github.io/openmrs-esm-core/#/). You may find the [Map of the Project](https://openmrs.github.io/openmrs-esm-core/#/main/map) especially helpful.* :teacher:

![Node.js CI](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-patient-management/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

# OpenMRS Patient Management

> This repository bundles together frontend modules for the OpenMRS SPA. These modules handle concerns relating to registering and editing patients, searching for existing patients, creating and managing patient lists and managing patient queues in an outpatient setting. The microfrontends within this module include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains frontend modules for the OpenMRS SPA. These modules relate to registering and editing patients, searching for existing patients, creating and managing patient lists and managing patient queues in an outpatient setting. The modules within this repository include:
```

"bundles together" sounds like it's doing some kind of action, like its a bundler

- [Active visits app](packages/esm-active-visits-app/)
- [Outpatient app](packages/esm-outpatient-app/README.md)
- [Patient search](packages/esm-patient-search-app)
- [Patient registration](packages/esm-patient-registration-app)
- [Patient list](packages/esm-patient-list-app)

## Setup

Check out the developer documentation [here](http://o3-dev.docs.openmrs.org).

This monorepo uses [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) and [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna).

To start a dev server for a specific microfrontend, run:

```bash

> yarn start --sources 'packages/esm-<insert-package-name>-app'

Reviewer: This is redundant with `yarn start` since it already includes all the packages as `--sources`. But I would actually advocate changing the `package.json` to work the same way it works in patient-chart, with `start` and `start-all` commands.

Author: What would `start` do, i.e. which module would be run as the default? In `openmrs-esm-patient-chart`, it's the `patient-chart-app`.

Author: Looks like it'll need a path to an import map to work:

<img width="1319" alt="Screenshot 2022-05-04 at 20 16 10" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8509731/166743010-095f88e7-f309-47d6-959c-e4946e93af3f.png">

:wave: *New to our project? Be sure to review the [OpenMRS 3 Frontend Developer Documentation](https://openmrs.github.io/openmrs-esm-core/#/). You may find the [Map of the Project](https://openmrs.github.io/openmrs-esm-core/#/main/map) especially helpful.* :teacher:

![Node.js CI](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-patient-management/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

# OpenMRS Patient Management

> This is a frontend module for the OpenMRS SPA. It bundles together various microfrontends that handle registering and editing patients, searching for existing patients, creating patient lists and managing patients in an outpatient setting. The microfrontends within this module include:

Reviewer: "a collection of frontend modules" maybe?

-  [Patient search](packages/esm-patient-search-app)
-  [Patient registration](packages/esm-patient-registration-app)
-  [Patient list](packages/esm-patient-list-app)
-  [Outpatient app](packages/esm-outpatient-app/README.md)

## Setup

Check out the developer documentation [here](http://o3-dev.docs.openmrs.org).

This monorepo uses [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) and [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna).

To start a dev server for a specific microfrontend, run:

```bash
yarn start --sources 'packages/esm-<insert-package-name>-app'
```

This command uses the [openmrs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openmrs) tooling to fire up a dev server running `esm-patient-chart` as well as the specified microfrontend.

To start a dev server running all the packages, run:

```bash

> yarn start-all

Reviewer: This package doesn't have this command—only `start` which does what I would expect `start-all` to do.
